Update Shopify and Loop POS return Workflow (#1366)
hotwax/oms-documentation: documents/learn-netsuite/integration-flows/returns/README.md

Retailers we work with, use Shopify POS as their POS system, NetSuite as their ERP system, Loop as their RMS, and HotWax Commerce as their OMS. Some retailers initiate in-store returns using the Loop Returns POS App, while others opt to use their Shopify POS system. Let's see how these two approaches work:

## Synchronizing Shopify POS Returns to NetSuite 

<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/In-store-returns-shopify-pos.png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Sync POS returns to NetSuite using HotWax Commerce</p></figcaption></figure>

> By leveraging Shopify POS for in-store returns, store associates are not required to navigate through a separate interface. This returns management workflow involves downloading returns data, creating a Credit Memo, and Customer Refunds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Shopify POS in-store returns sync to Credit Memo, and Customer Refunds.
```

#### 1. Transform and Export Returns Data

A scheduled job in the HotWax Commerce Integration Platform captures and transforms newly created POS returns. The transformed JSON file is placed at a designated SFTP location.

**SFTP Locations**

> Example for Shopify POS returns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
POS returns:
```

Reviewer: if this location doesn't change then this is not an example, its the exact place

<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/In-store-returns-shopify-pos.png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Sync POS returns to NetSuite using HotWax Commerce</p></figcaption></figure>

>  Shopify POS in-store returns sync to Credit Memo, and Customer Refunds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shopify POS in-store returns sync to Credit Memo, and Customer Refunds.
```
